# Contributing to OpenNIC Driver

We welcome contributions to OpenNIC driver.  Please see the guidelines below for
preparing your pull request.

## General Rules
   
There is no restriction on the scope of contributions.  It could be new
features, bug fixing, documentations and more.  The rule of thumb is that the
contribution should benefit the general audience.  For specific use cases,
consider fork the repo and start your own branch.

Contributions should be submitted as pull requests.  Each pull request should
target on a single feature/issue of the shell.

## Submit Patch using Pull Request

Use GitHub pull requests to submit your code contribution.  When sending patch,
sign your work as described below.  Be sure to use the ![GPL v2.0
license](LICENSE.txt) for your contribution to this repository.

Your pull request will be reviewed by us.  Feedback will be provided if we would
like to see any fix or modication.  When accepted, the pull request will be
merged to the repository.

## Sign Your Work

Please use the *Signed-off-by* line at the end of your patch which indicates
that you accept the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) defined by
https://developercertificate.org/ reproduced below:

    Developer Certificate of Origin
    Version 1.1
  
    Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 The Linux Foundation and its contributors.
    1 Letterman Drive
    Suite D4700
    San Francisco, CA, 94129
  
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
    license document, but changing it is not allowed.
  
  
    Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1
  
    By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:
  
    (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
        have the right to submit it under the open source license
        indicated in the file; or
  
    (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
        of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
        license and I have the right under that license to submit that
        work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
        by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
        permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
        in the file; or
  
    (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
        person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
        it.
  
    (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
        are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
        personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
        maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
        this project or the open source license(s) involved.

Here is an example *Signed-off-by* line which indicates that the contributor
accepts DCO:

    This is my commit message
  
    Signed-off-by: Jane Doe <jane.doe@example.com>

---

# Copyright Notice and Disclaimer

© Copyright 2020 – 2021 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx, Inc. and
is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other intellectual
property laws.

DISCLAIMER

This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any rights to the materials
distributed herewith.  Except as otherwise provided in a valid license issued to
you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE
MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether
in contract or tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising
under or in connection with these materials, including for any direct, or any
indirect, special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage (including loss
of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of loss or damage suffered as a result
of any action brought by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the possibility of the
same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS

Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any
application requiring failsafe performance, such as life-support or safety
devices or systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications
related to the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead
to death, personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the
sole risk and liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications,
subject only to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product
liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES.
